Migrate nonlocal games: GHZ game classical (#1783)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/nonlocal_games/ghz_classical_game/index.md

**Inputs:**

> 1. An operations which implement classical strategies (i.e., takes an input bit and produces an output bit),

Reviewer: I think this needs to be updated to match the update to the previous task
```suggestion
1. An array of three operations which implement the classical strategies of the players (that is, take an input bit and produce an output bit),
```

2. An array of 3 input bits that should be passed to the players.

> **Goal:**

Reviewer: I try to use "goal" for operations that have no return value (and act via side effects on qubits) and "output" for operations that actually return something
```suggestion
**Output:**
```

> An array of 3 bits that will be produced if each player uses this strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of three bits that will be produced if each player uses their given strategy.
```
